All right so here we are with different symbols.
Nay naive native.
I don't know what they're trying to say here.
I naive.
And what we're trying to do here is figure out how many different characters are in a string we are
passing in.
So in the cab here and this string that we pass in it would be three because there's a c there's an
H and there's a B.
So that's what we're trying to do here the way that I solve this is I use includes split and push.
I think there's probably some better ways that we could have gone about this using objects.
It would be faster but we'll go ahead and show this solution and maybe we'll do a second one using objects.
Our is the way that I solve this was I created a a constant call letter array and then there I just
push new values to it.
That didn't exist it was or wasn't it and we push an age to it and when we checked against it using
include.
So we take our string we turn it into a character array and then we add to the letter right.
And then finally we return that letter raised length at the end.
So let's go ahead and create our constant letter.
We should probably just call this chars but char's is going to be equal to an empty array.
Now in typescript again I say I've said this several times.
You can have implicit types here or explicit.
When I'm dealing with a certain type of array I like to explicitly state what it is going to do.
That's a personal preference.
Next what we're going to do here we're going to set up our our wind condition if you will what we're
expecting and our return and what we're expecting is our charge dot length.
And actually this should be unique chars.
That's a better name.
So any unique chars.
So that's what we're expecting to return by the end of this.
Now what we need to do is just create a cost here and we'll just call this input chars.
And this is a game going to be a string array.
In this case I could probably leave the string off because we're going to split on it but kind of my
own standard convention.
All right so now we have that we need to iterate through our input chars and check if the element exists.
If it does not we can go ahead and push it to the unique chars we can.
There's no reason that we can't use a For Each loop for this.
So we use a for each one we witness.
And then here we'll just say char.
Excellent.
What is that stuff for each input chars.
Susie
very nice.
And we're just going to if we're say look if letter re
or is meaning you need char's sorry this is what happens when you rename variables mid tutorial so unique
char's includes the char.
If it does not write because we are bang on here or if it does if it's not included what we want to
do.
So don't take unique chars and we want to push that char on there and that's it.
At the end of the day.
So just go over the logic and we create a essentially a placeholder array to store the unique values
then we then turn our string into a character or a string array.
We iterate over that array.
We check if it's unique chars here has that value and we push that value return the length.
As I mentioned earlier this isn't really a in terms of optimization.
This is a very poorly optimized one because this includes right here.
So this includes is going to check every value in this unique character.
Now it's something that is a simple string like this.
It's not a big deal but as we would be moving forward and we want to maybe maybe that we wanted to make
sure is the most efficient possible we could redo this and use the has own property and stored in an
object to return the length that way.
And you know what let's go ahead and do that next.
All right so let's go and dive in here.
I warn you that I actually haven't solved this one yet.
I'm not too worried about it.
We could solve it together.
So we're in the second solution.
Or is it concept unique char's and this is just going to be a empty object.
Excellent.
And at the end here we want to return object Dom keys passing the unique chars.
So this is going to return the keys that are in there as an array but we don't want the array.
We just want the length of it so that would be how we're going to handle this.
Now all we have to do is make sure we add unique values to that array and that's pretty straightforward
at the end of the day.
We can do the same thing we did here earlier where we're going to create a a input array input and put
chars it was a stock split
excellent.
And now we're going to iterate over the input jars
for each and say char again.
And because of the way that we're going to do this because of the way that this is going to work out
is we actually don't even have to check because A is going to overwrite.
And that's how we're going to set our values so it is a unique unique char's not
dot.
Oh you make char char and we could just go ahead and set it equal to 1 if we want.
That should of set.
There you go.
So we just give a default value c with 3.
So it just occurred to me that there is actually a third way that we can solve this.
That is even simpler as we go through.
And let's go ahead and do that one one more time.
All right.
So we're going to be using a little bit of E-6 here and what we're going to do is go ahead and clear
out all of this again and we're going to create a new set so sets for those who aren't super familiar
with it are essentially a unique list meaning that all the values in there have to be unique even if
we added duplicate value.
So what this gives us the ability to do here.
So on the anvil return unique chars.
And I believe sets called dot size.
So instead of length we're calling size because it's a set.
And what we're going to do here we're they we're just going to iterate over all the values in the string
and we're going to push every single one to it.
But if there is duplicates it's just going to ignore it.
And so what we can do here is we'll just create a Conte's one more time and we'll call this input chars.
Well good.
Is this equal to a a split of brain fart there for a second sort of split that up into a character.
Now we're just going to input chars and we're going to iterate over for each.
So are
excellent and all we're going to do is say unique char's ad which is essentially push.
I'm just going to add that char you'll see here we get three back just to show you that it's doing it
right.
We're going to have C A and B in our set there.
And so this is another way that we could of solve this algorithm and probably looking at it the simplest
way as well as the set sets are designed for unique values in a list.
And so we should have there should have been our first conclusion when we're like OK this is what we
need to solve this.